I think the most important people to talk to if you're interested during
the military are people you can trust who are in the military who'll
give you good data. do not take their analysis in the military correctly.
They will sometimes do you the wrong direction, if they didn't
like it you'll be able to perceive that very quickly. If they didn't
like it listen to it and think "oh here's what a person who didn't
like it will tell you" and try to find somebody who did like it
to give you the other side of the story. So this is critical to me,
don't just go by what one person tells you to talk to several people
with several different views. When I was commanding officer of the
navy reserve unit occasionally we'd get people want to join our reserve
unit, and I generally would try to get them a chance to talk to
somebody who really loved it and another one of th guys who really
didn't care for it much it was going to get out after he served his
tour. That would give the best chance to find out what was really like.
But listen carefully, intermalize what people say and ask factual
questions, well he didn't like it, "what was it like?" "what did you
do?" "what you do every day?" "what was that like?" "is that what
they did the following day?" You don't try it trying to pin them down
because otherwise you get their kind of political opinion about it,
rather than how they felt. It's amazing to me how many people I've
talked to in the military said I hated my time there. I ask "where
were you stationed and what were you duties and what did you do for
fun?" And after you talked a little while I've had two or three of
them say to me you know now that I think about it I really did have
a pretty good time. You know so listen listen critically but talk to
everybody, and then go talk to every recruiter you can and listen critically
they're trying to talk you into joining their service what
what are they saying that you can take with a grain of salt and where
they say you can take to the bank